c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\contoso.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\contoso.pdb
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\obj\Debug\contoso.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\obj\Debug\contoso.pdb
c:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso\obj\Debug\contoso.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
c:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso\obj\Debug\contoso.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\amit\Documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\contoso\obj\Debug\contoso.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\obj\Debug\contoso.dll
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\obj\Debug\contoso.pdb
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\contoso.dll
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\contoso.pdb
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\obj\Debug\contoso.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\obj\Debug\contoso.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
C:\Users\amit\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\contoso1\obj\Debug\contoso.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
